Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got a lot of skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, dude.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like the go to for concrete for building fences for graphic design here. Can you do it all, man.
Jay: Yeah, we get out there.
Jay: I made 60 books yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's
Jay: Made a quarter once a week today.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, all right. I want to hear about your weed gets me all twisted now.
Jay: I got my card.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's talk about something else. Me and we can get me all sideways, um, let me open up a note for you here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Justin. You're the only one I got to write first middle and the beginning of your last name to pull this thing up.
Jay: Why is it
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I know these things. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do not just
Gwenevere Abriel: Do them once I learned them. I do them. You get so just every Christmas so messed up 27th.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ripped off like I'm selling me my birthday in March. From now on us. And I'd be like, My birthday is gonna be a march.
Jay: We always did it in like October.
Good.
Jay: From school. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you gaining any way.
Jay: I don't know yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, I hope so if you want to. I mean, I don't know about weight. But, I mean, it seems like a good sign.
Jay: Yeah, I've been eating a lot more
Jay: Appetites definitely back
Gwenevere Abriel: Since the 13th. We're at two to 10 teams to
Gwenevere Abriel: Three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Focusing on document.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your thing. Do you know how many times a day to day I say let me open a note. Let me open a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, because it's like, you know, on a phone. We're very awkward when their silence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that same feelings in here.
Jay: When
Gwenevere Abriel: You're when there's quiet. Most people like and they fill it.
Gwenevere Abriel: With talking. And so it's really, it's this new phenomenon. This video therapy thing. It's a
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't treat silence. The same way I do you know if you were right in front of me. We could go a long time in silence, and you'd be perfectly therapeutic
Gwenevere Abriel: And nobody would think you might be a little uncomfortable, but I would use that discomfort and we would process that later. I don't do that in here. You guys never get me. I never shut up.
Jay: That's for me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it is, it's a missed therapeutic opportunity. It is. It's a downside and it might be my fault. I gotta look at that.
Jay: I like doing it like this. I'd rather do it like this thing go to my local mental health resources. My IPOs allowed me to do this instead of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's great.
Jay: I'd rather
Jay: I'd rather do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, then you don't have to schlep down there have to do a parking. Oh, these people, these people. They're so rude. Sometimes
Jay: Well, and then I mean group with a bunch of people that I know and I don't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh you been on like a kind of thing, like the year, you know, and from the area.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it because they're still using and and they're not telling anybody. And so you can't really open up
Jay: No, it's because everybody in that group is on probation. So the first thing you want to do is go hang out.
Jay: What's that lead to
Gwenevere Abriel: You know nothing good.
Jay: I hate going to him and the peels don't understand that. But the one I got. Now he understands and look how good I'm doing
Jay: I can avoid all those people, you know, that's my whole mission. I don't want to be around them people. Why are you forcing me to be around these people
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a great point.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a really great point.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it doesn't speak to the benefits of bright hearth health, exactly, but I'm just playing with you, let's let's spend a little time thinking about how what is happening while you're here in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just take take Monday, for example.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was, what was that a group like for you. I only get to hear a little snippets from people I don't get the full Michela um. What did you notice about that group, how you felt what you notice about yourself and others.
Jay: Um, I, I like hearing about how it affects everybody else.
Jay: Like I'm kind of like you guys I like, I like to see the different side effects, the different effects the different medications combinations
Jay: You know, the, the thought process of the drug addict.
Jay: I enjoy learning about that stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see my own note here. Am I, am I, I just caught it. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: We, what did we do. Did we do target tapping. We did target mapping found some stories, some history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what you are not sure of. You've got some pretty intense things that have happened to you in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm Bet you I bet you're going to be surprised at how
Gwenevere Abriel: What we talked about
Gwenevere Abriel: You right near the end, we're talking about you know when when I see a kid at Walmart acting bad
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember the time when you were acting out like this like your mom would say I remember time when you were acting out like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you got this image of yourself as being a bad kid not because you remember being bad. But because of the stories that people tell about you.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has your mom corrected any of that. Or she continues to go with that that version of history.
Jay: You know, I don't talk too much about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You went on and said, the kid was telling his mom know and cussing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting things in his pocket and the mom was slapping his mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you thought when you saw that enactment.
Gwenevere Abriel: That boy needs to get get busted with a belt.
Jay: The belt.
You did.
Jay: I never use a bill.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know why he said that
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm, I'm assuming this is transcribed. So, you know, maybe there was a Miss. Miss hearing as possible. I leave room for that I'm seeing the boy act like that was like, whoa, and you were having pretty pretty like you were really having to self sooth right here on your neck.
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm just thinking, let me just look down a little bit more some couple more notes here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we do some em Dr today.
Jay: Okay. Which ones that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the the eye movement desensitization.
Jay: With the clubs and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I put the cups and stuff.
Jay: Okay, I'm gonna go to the table. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm pretty sure what I did was only the positive interweaving I think I probably focused on all the positive I don't know me just see. No we did the seat girlfriend cheating inside. Let me see if we actually did it.
Jay: I know we do this I think once
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Jay: That was weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think this was targeted mapping, because I can see girlfriend cheating 50 COUPLE OF TIMES IN PRISON blacked out
Gwenevere Abriel: 70 blacked out fought with dad 70
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom told me you spend the rest of your life and
Gwenevere Abriel: My sister. Oh yeah, this was still
Jay: Okay, I got them set up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, perfect. So we've got a we've got some choices here you have lots of stories and this i'm sure doesn't even begin to touch on all of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But where I'd like to start with you is
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens to you. Currently, so there's a probably a pattern of maybe you get defensive or angry or sad or afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may notice that there's a pattern. Now, the only thing I know for my tiny little bit of time knowing you is
Gwenevere Abriel: When people
Gwenevere Abriel: How do I say they don't see
Gwenevere Abriel: Your aptitude and the good works. You're doing so when you are not seen for who you are, what you already know and your good works, meaning the kindnesses the generosity, the hard work, you're already doing when you are not seen the way you see yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, correct me if I'm wrong, you get irritated.
Jay: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how often does that happen.
Jay: less frequent now since I started smoking weed. It's
Jay: Gone down a lot is to have been to 310 times a day. Sometimes
Jay: Especially when it rolls out we're
Jay: Like working for my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so if we're going to suspend this thing with we that it's this perfect substance on this planet. And the reason we're going to suspend it is because of the message, you already know i i don't hide my bias and I'm going to, you're going to find out why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because of the message that it sends to your mind, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: You're never going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're always going to need something
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not okay a fundamentally you're always going to need something see life's going to give you a hard time you're going to feel irritated. Guess what you're going to need something
Gwenevere Abriel: Aren't you, you can eat something. I don't believe that there's something that you're going to need is you. I think you are enough, I think your body, much like mine, his and hers is made with a biofeedback system that self corrects
Gwenevere Abriel: But you may not have learned how to use it, you may have been robbed of those opportunities because he did
Gwenevere Abriel: The reaching behavior instead cookie. Some people is sugar.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people it's all just obsess over cleaning for some people it's sex sleep drug
Gwenevere Abriel: Drug includes alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: But either any of those things. It's not sitting with the distress long enough to figure out what it already knows what to do to take care of itself. And so no, I'm never going to be this cheerleader for any substance, including sugar.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't, I'm not discriminating against we because I got something against weed, it has anything to do with anything that is outside of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what we're wired for which is interpersonal regulation so regulating with the self and interpersonal regulation. So I'm going to be biased. I already come with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's because you know my training or whatever. But so don't take we'd like Man, why you gotta hate on the week. Hey, not everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm a fan of you. I'm a fan of the human body, a fan of the human spirit and its
Gwenevere Abriel: Its energy that will head towards congruency authenticity and healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're made
Gwenevere Abriel: To heal itself. I don't think you're made
Gwenevere Abriel: To have to go search for something to fix you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you say to me, and then I found we before that, let's stick with the first part of that explanation of three, two times 10 times a day when I was
Gwenevere Abriel: What, how did you feel when someone did not acknowledge who you really are people really see you
Jay: Frustrated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you tried
Gwenevere Abriel: That has failed to communicate that frustration with not being seen known and understood
Jay: I've tried talking about it.
Jay: I've done everything come back from 100
Jay: Go take a walk smoke cigarette. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've done the anger management protocol.
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, smoke a cigarette, that still substance so I'm down with
Gwenevere Abriel: count backwards, take a walk my goal. With that, let's put the cigarette. You can have those things right back at the end of today, but we're going to put those reaching for something else I want them like not on our fancy therapy list. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not on my list.
Jay: Oh, listen to music.
Gwenevere Abriel: Music and walk. Yes. Okay. So you tried communication. So I'm going to try to stay focused and not not veer off into a different approach to try and stay focused on my target mapping here. So let me bring myself back. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this that we're talking by route right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has this been the cause. Would you say have big problems like going to jail or severed relationships or really profound
Gwenevere Abriel: Problems in your life being misunderstood.
Jay: Yeah, it could be a portion
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me what's at the core of it.
Jay: I just don't feel
Jay: Like people take me seriously if the things that I tell them
Jay: I think people nowadays are so used to people being full of shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me rephrase that, take me seriously. Let me see if this is what is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do people not believe that you are an honest man.
Jay: Exactly.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is people in the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't believe me.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is it different than people in the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't see me know me understand me. How are they different
Jay: Demo
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they're real similar, right. So you first. I was playing with this theory and then you said no that's that's a portion. But it's this other thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe if I say it like this is one of the core things that maybe therapy can do is to process this phenomenon this repeated pattern of you feeling misunderstood not seen and not believed and not taken seriously now. Are we catching a big part of
Gwenevere Abriel: It is at the core of how life has gone sideways for you.
Jay: Know that's just recently I thought you're talking about just since I got out of prison.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me what's even more at the root.
Jay: Goods
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Age that you first started, use it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back in time and see
Jay: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: What we'll do the empty your heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think back to this experience just now where you fine tune this notion of, it's really important that I be taken seriously and believed
Gwenevere Abriel: Seen
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, not the way you want to see me but like see me that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And having the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Step father, mother, whoever not really see you. How old is that how far back, let's try to bridge it backward to the oldest memory of that. And I know your memory like you told me your mom remembers that are, but this is a personal experience. I don't think she would know how old you are.
Jay: I've always craved attention, she's told me
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can find one on your own through walking it back. Let's we'll, we'll start with 10 so you're in fifth grade. Do you remember feeling really seen and understood and validated at that age.
Jay: No, I was always like
Jay: I'm not gonna say super popular but I always had, you know, finance, I guess I was pretty popular
Jay: played sports.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your peer group you knew how to get your needs met socially through your peer group and had friends. You had another
Jay: I want to say, probably around 10 whenever I was able to start staying on my own home.
Jay: Because my mom started working. I was I was probably about 12
Jay: Maybe 1112 will never, it's probably the furthest back. I can remember of it happening.
Jay: She started working a lot and we never seen her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then DID YOUR HONESTY, your unique talents and skills and perspective, they started to be put into question.
Jay: I don't know if in the question they were just unnoticed.
No.
Jay: No. So I just started acting out to get attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's let's just proof check something. Okay, let's just move back a little further, let me just check on age nine,
Gwenevere Abriel: So we were we were going with 12 just now, right, or was it 10 we're going with 10
Jay: It's it's around 1112 whatever cuz I was still in elementary when my mom's
Jay: Because she used to babysit.
Jay: And so I was in probably fifth or sixth grade, which he stopped babysitting started working
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to nine so fourth grade. Do you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: My mom notices me she notices when I'm tired, hungry. I want to play. I'm sad. I'm scared I'm angry, a sense of I really worrying about whether someone notices me or not there was your needs were met at nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jay: I don't. I mean, I don't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't remember.
Jay: Know, so I'm telling you. So for this back I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well,
Jay: I'm still working at Albertsons
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go work and she was, and then she wasn't noticing you
Jay: Don't know i i was also a medications and stuff too. So I was also dealing with depression, bipolar. Oh, anxiety, I was dealing with stuff at that age. I was on at a rock.
Jay: Concert a
Jay: Typical
Gwenevere Abriel: Good gosh
Jay: That was only one that was only one one.
Jay: And then later. Later that year, I got put on Xanax for about four months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay with this, this isn't a very young age to be telling me.
Gwenevere Abriel: If his if you're a, you don't mean to. But if he has an accurate history that you were diagnosed with bipolar disorder as early as nine
Jay: I don't know about nine I was taking meds at 11 and 1215 sixth grade. And so when I started taking medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go like this about
Gwenevere Abriel: 11 right about the same time that mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Started working at Albertsons
Gwenevere Abriel: You were diagnosed with heavy duty stuff bipolar is
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be misdiagnosed
Jay: Well in, to be honest, probably, I think I was probably 11
Jay: I was out back and there's a bunch of mice that getting the dog food.
Jay: Uh huh. So I caught him out and I took a
Jay: We call an axe and I killed the mouse with the x
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you like it.
Jay: I don't know, I just thought I was killing a mouse, you know, they put they put poison out so I didn't think what I was doing was unique.
Jay: But they gonna be a serial killer and she
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticed that I asked you remember my question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it
Jay: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice, it's the same as right i just recognize the familiar one, which is, I thought it was doing what I always did. I was doing what my family always did.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there was money if there was keys to a car and go take a tractor. I would go do because it was here that's normal for me. I just heard another one. What's the difference between cut his head off and
Gwenevere Abriel: Poison, maybe it's nicer. So they don't suffer.
Jay: I was too young to
Jay: Think about it like that. I just
Jay: I don't know, they don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it would be different, just philosophically. Let's play this out a little bit because it's true. That's one of the questions we asked. And in fact, I asked you if I met you. The first time I'd say Were you cruel to animals.
Jay: You know what he did ask me that.
Jay: Yeah, I didn't see this being crew.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we're talking about it right now. Could you have done something with that mouse since you caught it, that would meet the threshold of cruel or would it be
Jay: A torturing it
How
Jay: I don't know, burning it dipping its legs off I
Gwenevere Abriel: Did not
Jay: Know why
Gwenevere Abriel: Why stay with me. Why not, why wouldn't you torture it Pulitzer little legs.
Jay: BECAUSE THAT'S TORTURE that's making them so
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, who cares. It's just a mouse keep telling talking to me, why not
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it mean
Jay: I didn't kill it to enjoy it today stacked it and kill it, because it was running around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a cockroach right it's it's it's
Jay: It's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Roadmap. That's what
Jay: That's what is a pest.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the word
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you tortured animals in your life and enjoy it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else you got buddy, I'm probably going to stay here. We may not do the EM Dr part I think I've got a lot more informative still need to get some more history taking because something happened here at age 11 they took you chop that analysis head off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where did you learn to chop off the head. What else is going on in your environment that that was a thing. How would you even know to do that.
Jay: On TV you see so much stuff on TV.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were allowed to watch violence on TV at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Years before that, too.
Jay: I mean, yeah, I pretty much was what I wanted.
Jay: The most part it was cartoons, but every time I would go to my dad's house. We could watch cartoons. So
Jay: That's where we'd watch all the
Jay: action packed gory movies. I was real being into
Jay: Jason board. He's in the Michael Myers.
Jay: From God probably 97 until 2005
Jay: I was real big in the horror of things I like them anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just investigate. One more piece of history. If you had a timeline, to the best of your knowledge. If you don't remember. Now, that's fine, but I just am curious to know that mouse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it happen for you, you saw your cousins, you killed
Jay: No, it was after
Jay: I think that might have been when everything started
Gwenevere Abriel: You were labeled bipolar.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Had you. Was it right at that point you were also diagnosed with ADHD.
Jay: No, I was diagnosed ADHD. Actually, before I went to code for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but, and then have any meaning to me. I don't know how old you were when you went to California.
Jay: Maybe I was 10 I was 11 when I went to California.
Gwenevere Abriel: So age 11 is pretty Pivotal. Don't you think
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have this label of yourself that you are bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I keep trying to figure out where the evidences of that. Do you see me searching for that trying to find it. I can I keep a get ahold of it. I'm like, oh, you killed a mouse. Okay, that sounds bad, and then under further investigation.
Jay: You want to hear all the bad stuff. And I've been
Jay: Okay. Um, I took my mom's CREDIT CARD AND I ORDERED like $600 worth of porn.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old were you
Jay: I was about 1112 think goes through team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jay: I was just
Gwenevere Abriel: Puberty okay ordered $600 worth of porn. Had you access to that credit card for other purchases that were
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jay: Oh, I mean at the time we were using newbie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, right.
Jay: So, I mean, it wasn't
Jay: It wasn't unlike me to get the credit card and put in the numbers and bid on something for them, you know, I'm saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's 13 $600 worth important. What else you got
Jay: I didn't know it was $600 I thought it was just one purchase for 999 or something. I thought they would never know because
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, God, God, you didn't know
Jay: I didn't know. I didn't know why it was charging that much. I guess it was going to different links.
Jay: And it kept putting in the same credit card number because I kept trying to go a step through that site. It kept going, different sites. So I would pay for those. And I didn't know that it was charging or that. Okay.
Jay: Um, yeah, they got pretty pissed about that. I went to jail for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You went to jail.
Jay: my step dad press charges.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Ah, that's still, it doesn't go into bad. I'm sorry. That's actually pretty consistent with a 13 year olds naivete. You're just ignorant. I didn't even know that you just gave me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um, than the sexual behavior is right on time as a 13 year old is all about Venus right that's right on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep going, what else you got bad boy. Let me hear it.
Jay: I used to steal their truck every night. And then when they caught me doing that I stole the key cuz my step dad was a
Jay: Like a 30% owner of triangle Ace Hardware down here. So after school one day I took the key to my grandma's car, and she had already passed away.
Jay: But I made a copy of it and I put it back on my mom's TV. And so when they caught me are still in the truck. I started stealing my grandma's car and it was a book, it would just
Jay: It would start off slow and
Jay: To build momentum but I mean I drove it
Gwenevere Abriel: I got I got we gotta go back a little bit in time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I used to steal step dad's truck every night. Once they figured it out. What did your parents do to discipline you right there.
Jay: Um, well, at that point, me and my stepdad had already gotten into physical altercation. So he didn't put his hands on me no more. So they really couldn't do shit so
Jay: I did what I wanted.
Jay: They started, they started locking it they started checking mileage on. That's how we originally caught me they check the mileage
Jay: And
Jay: Even then, after they caught me and I would still take it when they would go out of town.
Jay: I had Mon pair to everything Mon spare key to everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was he tell me the altercation date when was that, how old were you when you really you really had physical
Jay: I was in junior high. I don't know how old I was, um, maybe 15
Gwenevere Abriel: That's 15 you're starting high school. There's something really important years for you are writing that 11 1213 it's right in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right after what happened with your cousins.
Jay: It might have been in mind to be an eighth grade, seventh grade.
Jay: I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay, okay, okay.
Jay: See that's whenever I started getting drunk and I started you know I was doing math. I was you know that the only thing I hadn't tried was cocaine at the time cocaine and heroin. I was doing pills.
Jay: What else, I see. Oh, I would steal their liquor. Oh, his guns. I took his guns and I robbed.
Jay: Robbed for for crack dealers. But that's still way later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, see, I'm still trying to see how you're a bad kid I've always been about you, my mom tells me so I still I'm still trying to see it. Because right now, I keep seeing this pivotal event that happened it at 11
Jay: They couldn't brown me if I wanted something I would take it was stealing from the stores.
Jay: I stopped.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing that at eight and nine years old. Is that right,
Gwenevere Abriel: No, then I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I can't buy in. I'm going to hold tight to this.
Jay: AD. I don't know. I can't tell you. I don't remember that far back. That's what I'm saying. I thought we're talking about 11 and 12
Gwenevere Abriel: We are. We are. You're doing beautifully and I keep trying to see if there's enough evidence to just say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I haven't gotten there because here's the same thing I mom does your behavior, I get it, I get it. Nobody likes that behavior. I get it.
Jay: Well, they said I was mean to my sister, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Tell me about that.
Jay: I don't really remember much i mean
I was
Jay: A big brother to a big industry, you know, I remember protecting her
Jay: I remember, we're not allowed to have boyfriends and
Jay: I'll be damned if there'll be at the house and you know what I mean, I remember she like, I don't remember, but they said I was they said I would take her toys from
Jay: Austin that
Jay: I would always make her cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now that that has some meaning right there so that I wonder about. Now what I wonder is how your family addressed taking toys it at three and four and five and six years of age, what your family was doing to shape appropriate behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: When toys were taken.
Jay: I vaguely remember them making me stand in a corner with my nose in the corner for a little while. Um, I remember having to go to my room.
Jay: Okay. Oh, extra chores.
Jay: Oh, you know, they would take my TV my video games. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all healthy, normal, healthy parenting behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, do you kind of remember it was like, Oh man, I don't want to go through that again and you wouldn't take your toys. Do you remember that it would help at all.
Jay: No, I was hard headed
Gwenevere Abriel: hard headed
Jay: Nothing, they could tell me if I've got my mind made up my mind set on something. There's nobody that can tell me anything different. And I've always been like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you still like that now.
Jay: I am but I'm more wise in my decisions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Jay: Like what I choose to pursue in believe in, I take them better. A. A.
Jay: deeper look into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you think about the consequence if this is your choice. It's not just short term kind of think it through.
Jay: Yeah, cuz I've always been impulsive and I'm the type that I would do more for my friends and my family. That's how I was when I was younger.
Jay: I think I resented my step and
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you resent him for
Jay: Really, I could, I couldn't tell you I mean just the way that he acts with me now. But what I did for him to act that way with me. I don't remember. I couldn't tell you what started it. I just, you know, I just know we don't get along.
Jay: Never have. And my mom says because I used to put my dad on a pedestal.
Jay: I talked to him and like 18 years
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember a period of time when you were with your biological dad.
Jay: Yeah, I lived with him for a little while because my mom and then kicked me out of the house. I see. It was my step dad, my mom allowed
Gwenevere Abriel: Me to try again. What age, what age were you with your biological dad.
Jay: I was 15 it was right before I went to the boys school
Jay: He was in prison from
Jay: Us in prison from 87 no way from eight until
Jay: 9797
Jay: That's whenever I first started going to visit him and on the weekends and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's been a dynamic between you and your step that for age 15
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah. So how did you come to idealize Your dad was it you really hadn't known him yet and
You I
Jay: I don't know you was my dad. You know, I don't know.
Jay: He was my dad. You know what I mean that's how it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: And step dad is not your dad, no matter what, no matter how party tries or has good intentions.
Jay: He, he's not then
Jay: Yeah. And then my dad gets out, you know, I haven't seen him. So it's all to talk about that's, you know, for years.
Jay: To finally figure out the type of person he is
Jay: I mean, even then whenever I go to his house. I didn't enjoy it because his, uh, his wife's kids, they were just mean to us, you know, I kind of blame them a little bit for
Jay: The way I am, because they were hard on me anytime something went wrong. They blame me, whether it was me or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as a 10 year old you were
Gwenevere Abriel: Bipolar Disorder add
Gwenevere Abriel: And home alone with your sister.
Jay: Yeah, so sometimes. Sometimes I think I was more old and she would go to a babysitter, or stay with a friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is it that you came to see
Gwenevere Abriel: The death of your cousins at 11, how is it that that was a possibility.
Jay: I went down there to stay. The summer.
Jay: My and him had just got a new house, and Bill
Jay: And they invited me to come stay with them for the summer went down there and
Jay: All hell broke loose.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had children would you have them in that same environment.
Jay: I don't think my mom knew the environment. I don't think I don't think my aunt knew the environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that makes sense.
Jay: I don't think we knew what was going on.
Jay: You know she has three boys and a daughter, you know, she's gonna do more worried about what they're doing in the three boys. The three older boys.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do it the same way you think that you wouldn't be able to figure out what was going on with your voice.
Jay: I don't know.
Jay: I don't have kids like I don't know. I mean, I could spot things that most people couldn't just because I've lived it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think you would have spotted
Jay: I mean, just the fact that they were getting high gangbanging
Gwenevere Abriel: But when a parent. Now, if you were a parent that your kids were gangbanging. How would you know
Jay: Well, I wouldn't know. By the way, that somebody is dressing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dressing yeah yeah
Jay: Apparently not going to understand what a colored bandana means, you know what I mean.
Okay.
Jay: Nowadays you might put on the 90s.
Jay: Especially not moving from Orange County to Victorville
Gwenevere Abriel: If you did have a little boy and he was like you
Gwenevere Abriel: How would you have treated him.
Jay: Like, what do you mean if you did some bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sure.
Jay: would talk to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how would it sound like hey don't take the toy. Let's
Jay: Start
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. And then, so that's you, right, then what
Jay: What I raised my voice and usually it doesn't go past that with me, kids. Normally, listen to me.
Jay: Once I put some basic language.
Jay: So I've my ex. I was with her for four years. She had a two year old when I got with her and she was pregnant when I go with her. It wasn't my kid, but I stayed with her for four years and her oldest I spanked him one time in four years.
Jay: And he lives.
Jay: He listens to me, he
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't your step dad raise his voice to you when you were younger.
Jay: Oh no, he was real quick to go for a bill spankings
Gwenevere Abriel: So the
Gwenevere Abriel: Punishment didn't really match the crime as a little guy.
Jay: No, it didn't matter if I spit in his face, or if I throw trash on the floor and told him I wasn't gonna pick it up. He wanted to speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember feeling unjustly treated when you were a little
Jay: At that age, you don't know what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just asked him.
Jay: Yeah, I don't know. I don't know.
Jay: I know I felt her like
Jay: What kid, wouldn't you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jay: I'm getting discipline.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, not getting what you want.
Right.
Jay: And I was spoiled. I didn't have a bad life, don't get me wrong, I had a good life. I just had a lot of mental health issues that I don't think we're properly diagnosed
Gwenevere Abriel: Well certainly the one at 11 I could I'm mostly concerned right at that one. Um, you know, as, as a historian, you're not awesome
Gwenevere Abriel: Because right. You say, I don't know. I don't know, I'm not sure I'm not sure you question and sometimes your timeline, you'll pull back and say, Actually, that was younger, or actually that was older. So as a historian,
Gwenevere Abriel: We might say unreliable. But that's not because you're intentionally evading the answer I think your, your memory storage is corrupted either from the cortisol stress or from drug use. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Jay: I'm bird. I have a hard time remembering stuff.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's a blessing. Maybe
Jay: I could tell you the story.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I'm getting out today had more to do. And we put this other plan aside because I wanted to understand more about how you were deciding that you were bad and how your mom came to that conclusion. And then if you had YOU AS A SON, you would come to the same conclusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you sure you come to the same conclusion.
No.
Jay: I don't think my mom would ever tell anybody else that I was bad. I think she does it. Just talk to ship.
Jay: I mean, I do know I was a jerk. I was an asshole. I know nobody
Jay: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Later, though.
Jay: That know even early. I know I was a jerk.
Jay: If I'm taking my sister's toys and stuff like that. I'm a jerk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but every kid is going to take another kid's toy that's developmentally appropriate
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the everyone's gonna do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mom did it. Step Dad did it. We don't differentiate what's mine from not. We don't have that distinction until we do until we learn
Gwenevere Abriel: And so it's something that's taught. Somebody said, as a consequence for that you've heard this person's feelings. This is a consequence and we we do parenting around that. But what I still don't know is if you got hit.
Jay: my step dad spent me a few times. My mom's never put her hand up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what i don't know
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if age 11 you experienced. To me, it's easier to PTSD right there. That's just like that's a no brainer, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Why were you in like long term treatment for that.
Jay: I was in therapy, since I was, I told you, since I was a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did it work.
Gwenevere Abriel: No why
Jay: Wasn't if I could tell you that all my problems would be fixed when
Jay: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah me neither. So I'm I'm investigating because it isn't just
Jay: It's just another person that's judging me for my problems. And I've always seen it like that, you know, I'm trying to use it as
Jay: As a tool to make myself better because I understand that I have flaws that I need to work on. So I practiced humility.
Jay: Every day when I come to group and I go to therapy and stuff because I haven't had I haven't had very good experience, you know, but I keep trying, because it does help some people and right now it's helping me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's why I asked about the therapy because you can have 10 years of therapy with a person that you don't trust.
Jay: You don't get
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a waste of your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to find the right medicine right, notice we did that with the medicine with you. We had to had to kind of say. Mm hmm. It's the same way with a therapist if you don't trust me, this ain't gonna work.
Jay: Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think I'm busy in the background really thinking you're a dirtbag. We're going to go anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't going to work this trust part the rapport, the place where you can risk being humble risk that I might eventually
Gwenevere Abriel: Say something mean or her to there's a lot at stake, I might reach traumatize you. This is a really vulnerable place to be, where you're at. With me you're risking a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Not everybody gets that
Gwenevere Abriel: Even people that are supposed to that are in a position of power and authority, they don't get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it says to me, if you didn't trust this person that you were working with, when you were younger, you may indeed still have untreated PTSD.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think that all that misbehaving.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was you channeling that charge of witnessing that horror
Gwenevere Abriel: And it just never got processed.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I think. And on top of that you're spicy kid, you got you got your own opinion, you've got, you know, and maybe you really do have some conduct disorder. Maybe that's true. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the marks are. They're like, okay, well you did this thing to the mouse and
Gwenevere Abriel: He's sassy to is throwing trash or he does these things. Okay, you'd probably hit the mark. There'd be there'd be this checklist and you'd be like, Okay, we could give them this label. But that's not the end of the conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's, like, so there's a checklist. But who are they, who are you, why would you continue to do those behaviors, thinking that they're going to be effective to get what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you needed a particular type of attention. Maybe from a particular person said enough to say your attention seeking close attention to what you want. And why didn't we give it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's wrong with wanting attention. I love attention accept when I don't
Jay: See back in. It wasn't like it is no
Jay: Therapy is way different now.
Jay: And I'm not just saying just from my experience just
Jay: Personal back in as a kid.
Jay: Yeah, it was kind of like you're supposed to be seen not heard
Jay: You know, I was always wrong no matter what my feelings, no matter what they were wrong.
Jay: And that's, that's what I took away from therapy for eight years as a kid, you know, is it everything's Michael
Gwenevere Abriel: J. That is an epic failure on my fields part that has nothing to do with when it has nothing. Oh therapies change. No, you had shitty people
Gwenevere Abriel: They were shitty and they failed you, and I speak for all of us. Fail clients over and over all the time. I'm so sorry. Really sorry and I'm embarrassed to be a part of it. You're not wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing the best you can.
Jay: It took me years to figure that out.
Gwenevere Abriel: That should have been done a long time ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hope you hear in the kinds of questions that I'm asking that I'm on your side that I want. I want to meet that sort of space that tender vulnerability of that younger person that 1011 year old that had to
Gwenevere Abriel: To navigate. How do I live with this memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: How am I supposed to frickin live with this. What am I supposed to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who wouldn't want to use drugs when we don't know how I wasn't a living here, no. Oh no, about how to live with that kind of reality that that's
Gwenevere Abriel: No adults can handle that. And you're asking an 11 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you did the best you could to survive that experience and yes you use drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people would
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't see it as a failure. I have you, I see it as a failure of our of our system of our culture of mental health. I don't see it as you're wrong. I'm pointing all 10 at me. It's our fault. We failed you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had so many doors open, where someone could have helped you. How am I right, how many people tried
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, over and over
Jay: Yeah, probably had 15 therapists.
Jay: Elise
Jay: And that's not counting prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they all basically just wanted to look at you cut the mouse his head off. If you there's just, it's wrong, right, they just kept focusing on that kind of thing, like what you did the drugs and you know that that's wrong. And that's wrong.
Jay: It should hurry.
Jay: Yeah, what's currently happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every focus on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe
Gwenevere Abriel: Like marijuana like that cigarette that you're craving right now. It is a solution. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: nice lady. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I got, I want to go smoke.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. It is your solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not the right solution to the problem, the more habitual you and I can sit with what the core problem is meaning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like feeling angry or I don't like feeling anxious or I feel wrong. I feel stupid. I feel small. I feel helpless, I feel, I feel, I feel that's what interests me. I get you have a solution. Everybody's got those lists. I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I really want to understand the history behind it. And the story behind how you've come to see these things as viable solutions because not everybody
Gwenevere Abriel: Who has the kind of trauma that you went through. Sometimes people get a psychotherapy treatment soon enough early enough that they go, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm healing. I feel better and they don't start acting out and they don't go that direction, but I think you didn't get the treatment that you need it soon enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I think. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's my story. I might change it next week. But that's what I'm sticking with this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like your humility. Let me tell you something. There ain't no way you and I would get along without that, and I wouldn't either. I could get. I could get myself offended all the time with how people talk about me and how they talk to me. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I've got lots of humility. I know I'm a fool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not and then I can work with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's do this again on a different week
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can always text me if for some reason you get a really good gig and there's like, you know, I got this real deal kind of job thing going just to okay because I want you to have that that for yourself. You just have to let me know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Right now, of course, you got group on Monday. And then what if we did
Dude,
Gwenevere Abriel: See, I'm like wait so long, I gotta go two weeks ahead. So I don't have to put myself through this account and you okay okay let me focus next week. How about Wednesday at 210
Jay: Wednesday. What's the date.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is may 20, if you can believe it's on my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
May 20
Gwenevere Abriel: freakish
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it will feel a lot like this. I think we're doing what we just did today. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but I want to move ahead and catch something a little earlier in this just a little earlier in the day. I want to catch a little ahead up into week may 25 and I know if something comes up where you get
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, a more like consistent job thing you just let me know and we'll change it, but I want to get something in place. It's not quite so late in the day.
Jay: Well, though. What time was the MAY 20th.
Gwenevere Abriel: To 10
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 minutes after two
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we do instead
Gwenevere Abriel: 11am write this one down may 27
Jay: at 11am 27th, not the
Jay: 27th 25th.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's a group, you'll be going to group on that Monday, but 27 is about individual therapy.
Jay: Okay.
Jay: At 11
Gwenevere Abriel: And 11am earlier today, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe then
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: That still hard. I'm still having a hard time you have such so many stories so much to your history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pick one of them. My guess is it's around something around that invalidating experience and I'm a bad boy I'm wrong. My guess is that's probably where the work will be done, but this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Because of of your, your, your memory challenge. It makes it a little difficult, but I'm trying
Jay: My just
Jay: I try to, I try to remember what grade, I was in, but a lot. I mean, I was locked up a lot. So I was doing a lot of my schoolwork there. So some of the years just, you know, I might have thought I was in seventh grade, really. I was in eighth grade because I did the whole summer in jail.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, we're, we're getting close. I think we're getting close. I think we're honing in because these are big.
Gwenevere Abriel: When, when the message from the outside world is I'm always wrong. And I'm not seeing and I'm not believed
Gwenevere Abriel: We're getting we're getting into a really important piece that can follow you for the rest of your life, it'll just keep happening over and over and over. So I think we're getting close.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Jay: And we're doing is that it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you don't with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay see
Gwenevere Abriel: You to